Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
speakers. This is where the cloud meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. How
quickly do you know if someone's not any
good?
>> About a week.
>> Oh god, that's an awkward first week,
isn't it?
>> It's Yeah. Um, you start to have the
inklings, you know, right away if
someone's got it or not. And here's the
thing with interviewing sales people,
and I hear this from all of my founders.
Every single founder says sales people
are the hardest to hire because they're
so hard. I I think that sales people
show up so well when they're
interviewing that it's really hard to
tell a good one from everyone. You have
to be a really skilled interviewer. And
I actually think one of my superpowers
is picking great talent.
>> How how do you do that then if someone
is a great seller of themselves, which a
lot of sales people are. How do you
unpick true quality versus facade or
appearance?
>> Yeah. The first thing that I look for
that sends off the absolute red flags is
blame. So, I'm okay that people lose.
I'm actually okay if someone wasn't the
top rep if they were the second to or
third or fourth. But what I want to know
is why weren't they the top? Are do they
have humility? Are they self-reflective?
Can they say, "You know what, Harry, he
outworked me. He outperformed me. He was
better at discovery." Those are the
types of things that I want to hear in
the interview cycle. And more often than
not, sellers tend to blame. When you dig
into why did you lose a deal? They
blame, you know, the competition. They
blame the product. They blame something
else. And what I'm actually looking for
is did they own up to that mistake and
what did they learn from it? And that's
a really big signal.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support tech. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty amazing, right? Happy Fox just
made it real with autopilot. These
pre-built AI agents deploy in about 60
seconds and run for as low as two cents
per successful action. All of it sits
inside the HappyFox omni channel AI
first support stack chatbot co-pilot and
autopilot working as one. Check them out
at happyfox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Sasser annual will be
back May 2026. The world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for executives. Just
this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees, 36% CEOs and founders, and
25% were AI first professionals. It's
the very best of S tier attendees and
decision makers that come to SAS annual
and AI summit each and every year. But
here's the reality, folks. The longer
you wait, the higher ticket prices get.
They're cheap now. They're cheap. So
just get them early. Lock in your spot
today. Use my code Jason 100 for
exclusive savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.s at sasterannual.com or just
use code Jason100 when you check out.
See you there. Saster annual and
AISummit 2026. It will rock.
>> That's quite an entrance, isn't it?
>> I know. I feel like
>> I feel like I'm at a pop concert.
You see now I'm so old before my time.
So, we were talking. We had dinner last
time. We're doing like what's boring
start to any conversation you can have
in this regard. and it's like tell me
how did you get into sales? So, we're
not going to start that.
>> We're actually going to start with
something really quite personal if
that's okay.
>> Um, which is last year when you're
actually in London, you were diagnosed
with cancer and you got the call in
London and I actually wanted to start
with that. I know you well enough so I
think I can. How did that experience
change how you live and how you lead?
>> Yeah. So, I'll start with I'm cancer
free now, but um a little over a year
ago, you know, not an entrance. Um a
little over a year ago, I did a
preventative MRI just for fun and they
found a suspicious tumor on my pancreas,
which turned out to be very early stage
pancreatic cancer. Never the thing that
you think that you are going to get when
you are, you know, a mom and in your
mid-30s.
So, it's completely changed who I am
today as a person, as a mother, as a
leader in quite a few different ways. It
has been probably the greatest and the
harshest teacher that I've ever had. The
first is I approach life with a lot more
compassion. Now, you never know what
someone is going through. So, I was here
in London. We were doing essentially an
OpenAI world tour. We had these huge
conferences, our very first ones in New
York, London, San Francisco. We were
just going back to back cities. And in
the middle of this, I was diagnosed with
pancreatic cancer. And then I had to go
up on stage the next day and speak to a
room full of executives such as this.
So, you never know what someone is going
through.
And I've now realized that as I go
through and lead. However, kind of maybe
the more interesting thing here is I
have no tolerance for mediocrity
anymore.
Well, when when when you are stared in
your life with something like this, what
is which is probably one of the worst
things I will ever go through and then I
was able to beat it. It created this
intolerance for people who do not give
everything their all. And being at
OpenAI, being in just this world in this
generation of AI is such a privileged
place for all of us that I just don't
have time or patience for people who are
not going to give it their all. It also
taught me self- advocacy. So without
getting into all the details, the reason
that I was able to have a very
successful surgery is because I
advocated within the American health
system. I realize you guys have a
different health system out here. It's
not great in America and I had to
advocate like hell for myself. Um the
other thing that I learned is that we're
all replaceable. I rushed back to work a
month after surgery. Even Stanford was
like, "No one's ever gone back after a
month." But we had a new chief customer
officer at OpenAI and I wanted him to
know me. He'd been already been there
for a month and I just needed to make
sure he knew me. And in hindsight, it
didn't matter. It actually compromised
my recovery because I rushed back. And
so there were so many different things
that I learned from compassion to very
high expectations to advocate for
yourself and then also, you know, set up
your teams for success and delegate, but
you are still replaceable at the end of
the day.
Speaking of replaceable, I think Jason's
trying to replace me with an AI every
single day. Uh,
>> I'm waiting for the day I'm turning on
to the podcast. He's like, "No, don't
worry. Quality is here. Don't worry."
Across your career, you've done Slack,
you've done Web Flow, you've done Open
AI, and you've picked companies at a
moment in time where it's nonobvious to
the world, but it's obvious to you the
trajectory, which is brilliant for your
stock options. I'm thrilled for you
first. But the question then becomes,
how do you consistently pick which
companies to join at the right moment in
time? And if you were advising people
today on the same, what would you advise
them?
>> Yeah, there's a few elements to this.
The first is a lesson that I learned
from Kevin Egan. But Kevin Egan, for
those of you who don't know him, he's
currently the CRO at Clickhouse. He was
the CRO at Atlassian. He was the VP of
sales at Slack, at Dropbox, at
Salesforce. He's had a pretty incredible
career. and he gave me a lesson early on
when I was working with him, and that
was pick the rocket ship, not the seat.
Because if you get on a rocket ship,
your career will go places that you
could have never imagined. But if you're
so fixated on picking, am I in the
captain's seat? Am I in the driver's
seat? It it just doesn't matter. And
because when you take a big step back,
what people want to know is they want to
know what you saw, what you built, what
you learned. They want to know how to
drive that rocket ship. And you don't
learn how to drive a rocket ship if
you're sitting on the outside of that
rocket ship. You learn nothing.
>> It's so interesting. I remember when you
joined Open AI and I said, "What title
are you, Maggie?" Like, "This is
fantastic." And you like, "Well, we
don't have titles." And you had great
titles before. I remember being like,
"Well, what do I put on the podcast?"
You're like, "Well, just like GTF."
>> GTM.
>> And it didn't phase you.
>> No. No. And um what's funny about that
is when I went to open AI so many people
in my network said why would you go to
this small company it was go to market
was only seven people and I was going
from leading an org of 50 people at web
flow as a senior director to being an
individual contributor at openAI and
many VCs many mentors said don't do it
why would you give up this great
management career but you have to
believe and you have to bet in yourself
and then the other thing I look for when
I'm looking at companies is two
categories. Are they creators or are
they disruptors? So if you look for
example at Slack or Chat GBT, those are
category creators. Now maybe web flow or
my first company Eventbrite that was a
disruptor. Clay Tun who spoke earlier
today is a good friend. That is a
category disruptor. And so as I'm
thinking about do I want to go to a
creator or to a disruptor there's a
couple different things the elements
that go into it. creators, can they
build a product that will move fast
enough that people will love and people
will jump onto? Because if you are a
creator, you better bet if you're a good
creator, there is going to be
competition. People will come after you
and incumbents like Microsoft and Google
will also probably go copy you.
>> If you are a disruptor, you better have
a good enough product that is leaps and
bounds ahead of everything else in the
market. And then you have to move fast
before the disruptors or before the
incumbents go and catch up.
>> There's a brilliant quote from Alex
Rampel at Andre and he says, "Can the
startup acquire distribution before the
incumbent acquires innovation?"
>> I think it's very precient.
>> Speaking about picking companies though,
one thing that's attractive for sales
people is commission. People I don't
mean people say sales people are coin
operated.
>> You have commission at OpenAI. Can you
just talk to me like should founders
listening here go we don't need
commission either? Is this a special
case and how do you reflect and advise
them given no commission?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh we also had no commission
at Slack for the first few years as
well. So I'll only talk about this in
terms of building early stage companies
because I do think you need commission
as the company gets larger. It's a very
different type of a profile that you're
hiring for.
What I love about no commission, I
realize this won't work for everybody,
but it creates a different culture. It
creates a culture. Let's say you have
commission. Let's say every hour that
you spend closing a deal or working with
customers is money in your pocket. Every
hour that you spend onboarding or
training someone else or doing some
other project is quite literally money
that you are not making that you could
have been making. So it's at a true cost
to yourself as an individual if you are
doing other things to benefit the
company versus benefiting yourself. So
with OpenAI, with Slack, many other Air
Table, Figma, New Relic, there's tons of
companies out there that all started
with this model of full salary and it's
a, you know, a normal living salary like
you would give to any other product
manager, marketer, engineer, and decent
equity for the first, you know, earlier
hires. you all of a sudden are
incentivizing them to do what's right
for the company and not right for
themselves. At OpenAI, we reorg all the
time. We pivot all the time. We're
always doing new things, shifting teams,
and I never have to worry of, oh, if I
go help this person out over there with
this really important initiative that
we're doing, is that actually going to
be money out of my paycheck?
>> Totally understand that. Is that only
applicable to Open AI because you're
Open AI? because you know that your
stock is getting more and more valuable
with every day or can that be applied to
a startup in London where they don't
have commission?
>> I think it it's nuance. It depends on
how much money they've raised. Right? If
you have now raised a lot of money and
you can't pay everyone, you know, a
normal competitive salary,
>> you probably need commission on top of I
mean there's I advise a lot of founders
and there's founders that are just
paying insane amounts of money with
commission and that's also not scalable.
all of a sudden you can't have one of
them their rep made $4 million a quarter
as like an
>> rep because the commission plan was so
high that's also not scalable and that's
going to be really hard to reverse that
whereas at OpenAI at companies that
maybe don't start with commission and
maybe start with a management based
objectives plan so MBOs is what I call
maybe it's you know you close 10 logos
you get this amount of money there's
there's other ways to factor it in that
aren't just pure you get 5% of every
deal you sell and all of a sudden you're
going to have a lot more of a
collaborative culture. I've talked about
this a lot on LinkedIn, too. I believe
that OpenAI and Slack and Stripe's
culture that kind of these leading
pioneer lighthouse companies that all
started with no commission, they're all
known for having the best and the
brightest talent. And so much of that
comes from the people that they hire.
And so again, I think the to kind of
wrap that up, the early stage mentality
of the builder is maybe not quite as
money motivated as someone who's going
to a Salesforce or a Google or a
Facebook, you know, much later on in
their career.
>> Million quarters.
>> Yeah. Isn't that insane?
>> Not. It's dangerous.
>> I know. I'm like, I should quit my job
and go for there. Kidding. Did they
>> Did they do it for many quarters? I
retired after
>> their most recent quarter. Oh, wait. I'm
still tabing up from LPO.
>> What company is it?
>> I I'm not going to say
>> I wasn't expecting that.
>> Well, I mean, how do you stand out
inside a company? Make 4 million and a
quart is a freaking answer there. Um,
jokes aside, you have continuously risen
inside companies very quickly. If you
were advising people today on how to
scale quickly once inside one of these
companies, what would you say is the
cheat sheet hit list for how to scale
fast inside a company?
>> Yeah, this one's pretty quick. The
single most important thing that any of
us can do is to be the most helpful
person possible, to have no ego, and to
be helpful. So, I always want to be that
person that if a crossf functional
partner needs me to help execute a
strategy or needs me to be on their
interview panel, just today I was asked,
uh, will you do the leadership chat for
the STRs that we're hiring?
I don't have to do that. That's time out
of my day. But I want to be the most
helpful person. People remember how you
made them feel. And if you inherently
are helpful to them, you will make them
feel good. I'll I'll share a quick story
here. This is a you've probably heard
this before, but um my very first day at
Slack was 2015. I was the first seller
hired out of headquarters and Slack had
a huge hack and we thought it was going
to take the company down. Um what we
needed, what Stuart needed is for
someone to be on the phones on the front
line for all of the customers that were
hacked. And so I raised my hand. This is
literally day four, March 23rd, 2015.
And I was like, I'll do it. So we
emailed all of the customers that were
hacked. I won't share how many, but
these were, you know, some of the
largest companies in the world because
that was what the hackers were going
after. And I was the very first phone
call of basically, you know, Fortune 10
companies being like, "WTF? We just got
this email thing to call because you
were hacked." And that was me. And you
know what? The exec team loved me for
it. And I would say I had a pretty
incredible career at Slack.
>> You're my bad. Sorry.
>> But again, it goes back to be helpful,
right? Just like do things for other
people. Now, you also have to learn
boundaries. That's something I really
struggle with is saying no. But um be
helpful. Always think what can I do for
others and it will pay back in
dividends.
>> You know how I build trust in people
internally? I see them work incredibly
hard.
>> Yeah.
>> And people know that I talk about 996,
but then they meet me and they're like,
"Oh, he's not joking."
>> No, you're like 775.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It's why I'm in
therapy. Um
and others.
Do you agree with me in that? Or do you
think you can have outperformance
excellence crushing with balance?
>> What do you mean by balance?
>> Crushing family as well.
>> So, I'm a mom to two kids. I have two
little girls. Um, they are the single
most important thing to me in in my
world. They we just spent a week in
London together. They are so incredible.
I I wish I was there more for them, but
I am there enough that they will always
remember that I will never miss a dance
recital. I will never miss next Monday
we have a 2:00 singing performance. You
know, I'm going to have to leave the
office at 1:00, but I'm not going to
miss it because in the grand
>> Do you have to sing?
>> No, no, no. My daughter, it's Disney Pop
Princess. We're all grateful.
>> Also, you're recording.
>> 5-year-old kindergarten class singing
Pop Princess songs is actually going to
be the cutest thing in their little
uniforms.
I will not miss those most important
moments in life for my kids, for my
family, for my friends.
However, what that means is most days I
will work 7 days a week and I will work
bizarre hours. And if it's, you know,
Tuesday night watching TV with my
husband, unfortunately, that just
doesn't happen. Like we I leave the
office by 4:30 every single day, but you
better believe I'm on from 7:30 to
midnight every single night. And I think
that's just the world we live in. And
that is the choices that you know we I
think you all probably wouldn't be here
if you weren't in the same kind of
hustle sass rapid growth mindset. I have
learned how to prioritize my life and my
work around what matters the most. And
something that I'm really proud of is I
don't hide this. Like my team knows I
put it on my calendar. Disney pop
princess dance recital or singing
lessons. And I think as a mom, as a
parent, it's important that we show up
so that those who are looking up to us
or those that someday hope to be parents
can feel okay doing that.
>> I have the same Disney pop princess on
my calendar.
>> But that's you performing, right?
>> Yeah. Absolutely. No kids, Winter
Wonderland on the same.
>> None. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning the Wicked
Recital is personal highlight. Um, other
than just like sheer hard work, what
else do the best sellers have that
others don't have in terms of
characteristics, traits?
>> Yeah, it's going to be different for
early stage and later stage, but let's
focus on early stage. I think that's
what we're all here for.
>> Let me start actually with a story. The
way I'm going to answer this one, this
was
May 2023 at OpenAI. I was making my
first hire and my first hire was an SDR.
Um, we were in a fortunate position that
we had a lot of inbounds and we needed
somebody to work the inbounds. We had no
Salesforce set up. We had nothing. So, I
decided I didn't want a 23-year-old STR.
They're wonderful, but I wanted someone
who had many years of career experience,
who had an MBA. So, I started scouting
from Stanford and from Harvard. I talked
to probably 50 different candidates and
every single one other than one said, "I
don't want to take a job as an STR at
OpenAI." And then there was Molly. Molly
had eight years of experience from
Google and then she went to Stanford and
was top of her class in GSB in their
their MBA program and she said, "You
know what? Is being an SDR ideal?" No.
But I believe in myself and I believe I
will come in and crush it and just
absolutely blow out the expectations.
Within a few months, Molly was leading
and building out an entire global sales
dev organization. And now she's one of
our top sellers globally. She then
wanted to go move into sales and, you
know, close some of our top largest
customers out there. And that's because
Molly had no ego. Those 49 other people
that I spoke to, they all had an ego.
They said, "I'm not willing to go be an
SDR." And we had even rebranded it. We
called it account associate. And they
still said, "I don't want to go be an
SDR when I have been, you know, a
manager somewhere else." I've had no
less than 40 of those people reach back
out to me over the years wanting to come
back to OpenAI. And unfortunately, there
hasn't been room for most of them. So,
it's put your ego aside, and that's what
I see the best sellers have in common is
they believe in themselves. How quickly
do you know if someone's not any good?
>> About a week.
>> Oh god, that's an awkward first week,
isn't it?
>> It's Yeah. Um
>> you at the end of the week, huh?
>> Well, you start to
>> Thanks for coming. There's a short day.
Uh didn't make the first cliff. Bad
luck. We're all investing millions and
you
think
>> you start to have the inklings, you
know, right away if someone's got it or
not. And here's the thing with
interviewing sales people and I hear
this from all of my founders. You know,
I've made over 35 investments with 20
sales and made many personal angel
investments. Every single founder says
sales people are the hardest to hire
because they're so hard. Well, hey, no.
Uh I think you'd be a lot harder to
manage, but I I think that sales people
show up so well when they're
interviewing that it's really hard to
tell a good one from bad. You have to be
a really skilled interviewer. And I
actually think one of my superpowers is
picking great talent. How how do you do
that then? If someone is a great seller
of themselves, which a lot of these
people are, how do you unpick true
quality versus facade or appearance?
>> Yeah. The first thing that I look for
that sends off the absolute red flags is
blame. So, I want to hear for example,
Harry, tell me about a time that you
lost an investment. Why'd you lose it?
See the VCs are brilliant because
whenever we lose an investment we always
go and we lost because of price and
that's like the sounds like some blame.
>> It's a total game of like yeah we didn't
really lose someone just paid more.
>> When did we lose an investment? We lost
Andre pretty recently.
>> Um and it's because founders wanted
Silicon Valley brand and a halo effect
from Andre.
>> Is there anything you could have done
differently there?
>> No. I literally got a tattoo of the
company. No, seriously. I got a tattoo
of the company here in and and I thought
like, you know, we're going to show that
we love this company. What I didn't
anticipate was being on TV the next day
and I was like advertising that I was
chasing this business. Wait,
>> really?
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, literally there's
pictures of it and and and we lost
Andrew. No, I actually quite like
losing. There's this masochistic element
of me which is like we just need to get
better and better and better.
>> Yeah. Exactly. So, I'm okay that people
lose. I'm actually okay if someone
wasn't the top rep if they were the
second to or third or fourth. But what I
want to know is why weren't they the
top? Are do they have humility? Are they
self-reflective? Can they they say, "You
know what, Harry, he outworked me. He
outperformed me. He was better at
discovery." Those are the types of
things that I want to hear in the
interview cycle. And more often than
not, sellers tend to blame. When you dig
into why did you lose a deal? They
blame, you know, the competition. They
blame the product. they blame something
else. And what I'm actually looking for
is did they own up to that mistake and
what did they learn from it? And that's
a really big signal.
Something that I I look for and I stand
by is unfortunately job hoppers are
typically going to struggle quite a bit.
>> When you say job hoppers, just get some
clarification. Is 2 years enough time?
Is this 6 months?
>> So I I want to know why. I I dig pretty
hard in the story. If you see someone
that has a consistent record of, you
know, every year, every 6 months, every
two years, it's not necessarily about
the time, it's the why. And what I want
what I'm really trying to understand is
were they running towards someone,
towards something, or were they running
from something. I was only at Web Flow
for 2 years, but I was running towards
OpenAI. When Chat GBT hit the scene on
November 30th, 2022, I was like, I am
going there. I got to go there. Whatever
it takes.
>> You weren't running away from web.
>> I wasn't running away. I literally got
promoted to senior director and quit 3
days later. It was not ideal to do that.
My boss was not thrilled. Not a good
look, but I was running towards it. And
I've never run from something. I've
always run towards something. And that's
what I'm looking for. And if someone is
running from something, why were they
running from something? What What was
it? Was it because their performance was
bad? The leader, the company, what was
it?
>> So, can you tell me the story of when
you lost a deal at OpenAI?
and what your reflections are on it.
>> Now I'm in good.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Now we're good here. This is
where we earn the money. Thank you.
>> So the main reason that we lose is we
lose to people who just do nothing.
They're they're thinking
too narrowly
or in full cander they decide to go with
a large incumbent and they just flip it
on. You know they say this is free, this
is subsidized. They don't look at the
quality of the product. They are looking
at the price
>> large incumbent because people would say
that open AI is an incumbent
>> which is crazy to me.
>> Crazy after raising 200 billion 300
million but how could we be an income?
We're a startup. Uh
>> feels like a startup inside,
>> doesn't it? Those seven offices around
the world is so
>> such a jerk.
everyone just grinding away for every
million dollar contract and was like,
"Oh, we just signed, you know, the
government." Um,
>> Ministry of Justice on Open AI.
>> Yeah. There we go. Fantastic.
>> And so, and so, sorry, incumbent is
Microsoft, it is Google.
>> Google.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Basically, and same thing with,
you know, with Slack, Microsoft Teams,
flip on a switch. And today, you know, I
help to oversee our large enterprise
business. Majority of them are on Teams.
opinion.
>> I I'm no longer a Slack employee if I'll
just say this. I think Teams is severely
inferior product to Slack. I still think
Slack is a worldclass product. But you
could argue that we did not win in the
large enterprise and Microsoft won
because of their distribution power.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's going back to startups is all
of you founders in the in the audience
are thinking about this. It's if you are
going up against an incumbent, how are
you going to outrun them? I actually
think Clay does a really nice job of
this is they have a whole strategy
called clencies. They're basically
partnerships for them. I don't know if
Run talked about this today. So what do
they call agencies?
>> Cleancencies. Yeah. So basically
different agencies that are always going
out there and doing videos and Tik Toks
and Instagrams and YouTubetubes about
how to use clay and they're just
creating this massive network of
distribution as fast as they can.
They've also be built the best product
on the market at OpenAI. We pretty much
run go to market on clay. It is infused
into everything that we do. They've
built an amazing product and then
they've also built an amazing team. And
I'd say that's actually probably why we
win the most amount of deals at OpenAI.
And for all founders in the audience, I
would take note of this. It's again
going back to how you make people feel.
People want to have a trusted partner
that teaches them something. My goal of
my team is to always understand what did
you teach the customer when you were
working with them. And if you're
learning, if I'm learning from you, I
will automatically feel respect for you.
>> Totally agree with you in terms of how
you make people feel. Speaking of like
losing to incumbents, part of the win is
how you get them over the line and
sometimes a pilot can help with that.
You have quite a contrarian view of so
what is that contrarian view and how do
you think founders should think about
pilots today?
>> So I run our pilot program. I created it
and I helped to run it at OpenAI. We
have a 100% win rate on pilots and
there's many different ways to think
about a pilot and I'll kind of walk you
all through this. There's, you know,
piloting software, buying a small
purchase and just flipping it on. And
then there's what we do for our largest
customers, not for everyone, is the very
wellthoughtout baked out pilots. And
there's a couple things that go into our
recipes for success. And this works
across the board, whatever size company
you're at. First, there needs to be
executive buyin for a pilot. I hear all
the time from my founders, we did three
months on a pilot and then we lost the
deal. And I say, "Well, who are you
working with?" "Uh, the IT manager." And
it's like, "Well, yeah, they didn't have
authority." So, you should not be doing
a pilot should be a heavy investment of
time. You should not be doing a pilot
unless you have that executive buyin and
sign off. In our case, we make sure that
executives are sitting through a
training of chat GBT, otherwise we're
not doing a pilot. they have to be
involved in it. The second thing is to
have a repeatable playbook. So we go to
our customers and you all should do this
too and we say this is our playbook that
we've done across hundreds if not
thousands of pilots and we ask that you
follow this playbook and you trust us.
If they try to deviate which they will
and they'll say oh we do pilots this way
we want to do it that way. It's pretty
much a non-starter. A little tweaks here
and there is okay but we have a very
well thoughtout formula. The third thing
is we need to understand really the ROI
and the results from this. So we need to
work together on what are the metrics of
success that typically comes with doing
pre and post-pilot surveys across the
board for the people who are involved in
that pilot. And then finally, and I'd
say this is where we really do well, is
it's the team we bring. We give our
customers a taste of what it is like to
work with us when we're doing a pilot.
Most companies out there, they just flip
the switch and they say, "Hey, we're
going to give you a two-eek free trial.
Good luck. Let us know how it goes." And
then that company's surprised when they
didn't win the business. Whereas, we
show up and we show them what it is like
to have that partnership. And there is
no frontier lab in the world that has as
much experience as us deploying AI and
transforming companies. We just
announced that we've had a million
businesses on our technology. There's
nobody else that's at that scale.
>> Love that as an endpoint. subtle flex.
>> I'm gonna do a quick fire around with
you now. Short statement
>> and you don't know any of these, so this
should be interesting.
>> What would you most like to change about
the world of sales today?
I want more women in it. There's not
enough women in sales right now. And it
I actually think it is getting worse
over time.
>> Getting worse.
>> It's getting worse. And I I don't I
genuinely don't know why. I think that's
why I feel so much passion about showing
up as a mom, as a leader. If you go to
my LinkedIn, you'll see half my posts
are something about motherhood or
parenting. I was at a dinner with a very
well-known VC recently, and the dinner
was 13 men and two women. And I don't
know why this is, but the number one
thing that I want to change is
getting more women into sales and into
AI.
Totally agree with you there. I would
love to have more on the podcast as
well. Actually, it's something that we
could do much better on. I completely
agree. Okay, fantastic. What have you
changed your mind on most in the last 12
months?
Again, Maggie had no idea about these,
so forgive the pauses. We edit these out
of podcasts and people have no idea.
Edit a lot out of podcasts.
>> What have I changed my mind on?
that large enterprises can't move fast.
>> So everyone thinks of large enterprises
as slow, is stodgy, is hard to sell
into, and they are. They absolutely are.
But when a large enterprise knows that
something is coming after them, when
they know that there is a small startup
that has the potential to eat their
lunch or take a significant journey,
they will all of a sudden start moving
fast. And I'm seeing this in our
results. I mean, we're selling to oil,
gas, energy, airlines, government. You
know, everyone goes, "Oh, government."
Ministry of Justice piloted us for a
couple months and then bought. Like,
that's actually not that long. And in
fact, we often see large enterprises can
move now faster than smaller kind of
digital natives because digital natives
are so busy piloting and testing
everything where a large enterprise is
getting pressure from the board saying
what's your AI strategy and the CEO says
we got to have an AI strategy.
>> Final one.
>> What are you most excited for in the
next 10 years?
So I I'll bring this to AI related, but
the single thing I'm the most excited
for, which is a huge focus of OpenAI is
how we're going to change healthcare.
>> Spending about 80% of my time focusing
on healthcare. You know, kind of
naturally after last year,
there are fewer things, you know,
honestly, there's nothing more uniting
in the world than health. Every single
person wants to live longer, to have
their friends and family live longer.
Every single person in this room
probably knows someone who has had
cancer or passed from some sort of an
illness. In my case, my dad has
Alzheimer's. Your mom has MS. And I
really believe that AI can change this.
And I'll share I'll actually share how
and kind of how we're thinking about
this. First is in the life sciences
world. So right now to get a drug or a
therapy through I think it's called EMA
over here. It's FDA for us in America.
It can take 5 to 10 years. when we're
working, you know, with the Amgens, with
some of the largest pharmaceutical
companies in the world. And part of the
reason it takes so long is because of
all of the data, all of the document
authoring, all of the protocol
amendments, all of this time that people
have to spend spinning their wheels. And
Harry, imagine if someone said to you,
there is a therapy out there right now
that could reverse your mom's MS, but
you don't get it for 5 years. That's the
reality of where we're at today in
healthcare. So we are spending a lot of
time. We just announced a huge
partnership with Thermoffrisher where we
want to redo their entire clinical trial
process and we think we can bring it
down significantly and every single day
that we can get a therapy out to market
faster is going to be more lives saved.
And then you look at healthcare, you
know, doctors, physicians, nurses,
everything. When we look at the queries
that come into chat GBT, we get hundreds
of millions of healthcare queries every
single week. People are turning to our
tools saying, "I have a rash on my kid.
You know, I have this. I was diagnosed
with this. What do I do here?" And we
have been putting so much work into that
to make sure that people are getting
better and accurate answers and
prompting saying, "You're going to the
doctor. You know, here's the questions
you should think about asking," which is
so incredible. And actually, just
recently, we we shared that we now have
in America, it's HIPPA. I'm not sure if
it's the same out here, but a HIPPA
regulated version of our technology. And
we are already selling this to
physicians, to doctors. UCSF, it's a top
leading hospital in America. Every
single person there has access to the
technology. So you think about doctors
who are often burnt out. They're tired.
They don't have time to keep up with the
latest inventions in medicine or the
latest practices. All of a sudden, they
essentially have a co-pilot now to turn
to. And I think that is the biggest
thing that we will do to change the
future of the world.
I just want to say, you know, Maggie is
one of the hardest working I'm fortunate
to interview, you know, some of the best
CRO in the world. One of the most
talented, most hardest working sales
leaders in the business. I so appreciate
the friendship. I so appreciate you.
Thank you so much for doing this with me
and you've been fantastic.
>> Thank you. Thanks, Eric.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support tag. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty amazingly, right? Happy Fox
just made it real with autopilot. These
pre-built AI agents deploy in about 60
seconds and run for as low as 2 cents
per successful action. All of it sits
inside the Happy Fox omni channel AI
first support staff, chatbot, co-pilot,
and autopilot working as one. Check them
out at happyypox.com/taster.